doc/dev/modules/dbg.adoc, before:

= debug

:src: ../../../src

Helper to check the particle positions, velocities, forces and
cell-lists from device arrays

The hidden structure `Dbg` holds the debugging configuration.
Configuration is encoded using the following enum values:

[source, c++]
----
include::{src}/dbg/imp.h[tag=kind]
----
<1> positions are inside subdomain
<2> positions are inside subdomain plus a margin
<3> velocities
<4> forces
<5> colors
<6> cell lists


== interface 

allocate/deallocate the structure:

[source, c++]
----
include::{src}/dbg/imp.h[tag=mem]
----

set debugging modes and verbosity:

[source, c++]
----
include::{src}/dbg/imp.h[tag=ini]
----

initialize from configuration:

[source, c++]
----
include::{src}/dbg/imp.h[tag=cnf]
----

interface:

[source, c++]
----
include::{src}/dbg/imp.h[tag=int]
----


== configuration

[source, cfg]
----
dbg = {
    verbose  = true;
    pos      = false;
    pos_soft = false;
    vel      = false;
    forces   = false;
    colors   = false;
    clist    = false;
};
----

Commit message:

doc for pos, vel and force checks

doc/dev/modules/dbg.adoc, after:

= debug

:src: ../../../src
:stem: latexmath

Helper to check the particle positions, velocities, forces and
cell-lists from device arrays

The hidden structure `Dbg` holds the debugging configuration.
Configuration is encoded using the following enum values:

[source, c++]
----
include::{src}/dbg/imp.h[tag=kind]
----
<1> positions are inside subdomain
<2> positions are inside subdomain plus a margin
<3> velocities
<4> forces
<5> colors
<6> cell lists

Consider subdomain of dimensions stem:[(L_x, Ly, Lz)].
A position stem:[(r_x, r_y, r_z)] is valid if

[stem]
++++
-\frac{L_\alpha - M} {2}  \leq r_\alpha < \frac{L_\alpha + M} 2,
++++

where stem:[M] is the margin. It is stem:[M = 0] for `DBG_POS` and
stem:[M = 3] for `DBG_POS_SOFT`.

For a given timestep stem:[dt], the velocity stem:[(v_x, v_y, v_z)] is
valid if

[stem]
++++
2 |v_\alpha| dt \leq L_\alpha.
++++

The force stem:[(f_x, f_y, f_z)] is valid if

[stem]
++++
2 |f_\alpha| dt^2 \leq L_\alpha.
++++


== interface 

allocate/deallocate the structure:

[source, c++]
----
include::{src}/dbg/imp.h[tag=mem]
----

set debugging modes and verbosity:

[source, c++]
----
include::{src}/dbg/imp.h[tag=ini]
----

initialize from configuration:

[source, c++]
----
include::{src}/dbg/imp.h[tag=cnf]
----

interface:

[source, c++]
----
include::{src}/dbg/imp.h[tag=int]
----


== configuration

[source, cfg]
----
dbg = {
    verbose  = true;
    pos      = false;
    pos_soft = false;
    vel      = false;
    forces   = false;
    colors   = false;
    clist    = false;
};
----
